Update for bare metal area (#1303)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/program-setup/bare_metal/bare_metal.md

# Mbed OS bare metal profile

Bare metal is a profile of Mbed OS for ultraconstrained devices. Unlike the full Mbed OS, which by default includes all APIs, the bare metal profile starts with a minimal set of APIs to which you can add only the APIs your application or hardware demand. This helps you control the size of your final binary.<!--not sure that's a good term-->

Bare metal doesn't use the RTOS APIs. Instead, it relies on timers to control the workflow.
<!--not sure I get it - I looked at both Blinky examples and they both use thread_sleep_for, even though the bare metal one doesn't include mbed_thread.h-->

> <!--what other APIs does it have or not have by default?-->

Reviewer: Bare metal uses a subset of the RTOS APIs. These APIs have been ported to bare metal i.e. they do not make calls to RTX. By default, bare metal includes: drivers, platform and rtos-api https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/blob/master/platform/bare_metal/mbed_lib.json/#L3

The Mbed OS tools - Mbed CLI, Mbed Online Compiler and Mbed Studio all support working with the bare metal profile.

> Note that Mbed TLS and Mbed Crypto are not supported for bare metal.

Reviewer: They are both supported. Rajkumar is in the process of updating this table.

# Mbed OS bare metal profile

> Bare metal is a profile of Mbed OS for ultraconstrained hardware. It represents a different way of working with Mbed OS: Instead of enabling all features by default, as the full profile does, bare metal mandates only the smallest set of APIs that development boards require - driver APIs, platform APIs and a subset of the RTOS APIs. All other supported APIs are optional - you can pull them in if you need the features they enable, but you'll probably leave most of them out - reducing your application's final size.

Reviewer: Before we say that it is a different way of working with Mbed OS, we should say that it is a compact profile of Mbed OS without an RTOS. 

I would say : "bare metal mandates only the smallest set of APIs that applications require ..."

I would leave the final sentence "but you'll probably leave most of them out - reducing your application's final size.". Instead, perhaps say that you can better control your application's final size.

> Bare metal uses a subset of Mbed OS's RTOS APIs, without becoming a full RTOS. It's therefore suitable for applications that do not require complex thread management. This not only simplifies your application code, it also means you can use APIs that are not thread safe. Just as important, you can use the code-optimized versions of the C standard libraries, `microlib` and `newlib-nano`, which are much smaller than the thread safe equivalents the full profile requires.

Reviewer: Proposition for first sentence : "The bare metal profile implements a subset of Mbed OS's RTOS APIs that are useful in a non threaded application, for example semaphores (with release from interrupts) or tickers (to set up a recurring interrupt).

Author: What does "with release from interrupts" mean? Specifically the "with".

Reviewer: You would not want to acquire a semaphore in interrupt context but releasing a semaphore is perfectly fine. So you could say `(calling the release API from interrupts)`.

> The bare metal profile is determined at build time - your working environment includes the full Mbed OS library, but only the bare metal APIs are compiled.

Reviewer: This sentence is not clear. We show in the tutorial how to use the bare metal profile.

Author: I was trying to say that people shouldn't go looking for a second download of Mbed OS - they'll always get the same download, but the application will be built differently based on whether or not they enable bare metal.

Reviewer: I think it is implied when we say that bare metal is a profile that `uses a subset of Mbed OS's RTOS APIs`.

Author: I'm not sure. In the same way that DM Client and DM Client Lite are two different downloads, not two different builds of the same download.

## Features

For a breakdown of supported APIs, please see [the full API list](../apis/index.html).

The Mbed OS build tools - Mbed CLI, Mbed Online Compiler and Mbed Studio - all support working with the bare metal profile.

<span class="notes">**Note:** Because bare metal uses some APIs that Mbed OS classifies as RTOS APIs, some class names that traditionally belong in RTOS programming are used in bare metal. For example, bare metal uses the class `ThisThread` despite not using threads.</span>

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th colspan="2">Features</th>
            <th>Support details</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td rowspan="6">Core</td>
            <td>Drivers</td>

>             <td>Available; enabled by default <br>(Except the class `USBCDC_ECM`)</td>

Reviewer: The formatting is not clear. 
Also, I think that we give too much detail here by listing the one exception (this will be ported to bare metal soon).
(and we should use "API" instead of "class")

        </tr>
        <tr>        
            <td>Events</td>
            <td>Available</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>        
            <td>HAL</td>
            <td>Available</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>        
            <td>Platform</td>
            <td>Available; enabled by default</td>
        </tr>
            <tr>        
            <td>RTOS APIs</td>

>             <td>Semaphore, Mutex, EventFlags, ThisThread: Available; enabled by default.<br><br> All other classes not enabled.</td>

Reviewer: Same comment about formatting. Since you show on the second page what is enabled by default I would remove that information here.
```suggestion
            <td>Semaphore, Mutex, EventFlags, ThisThread: Available; enabled by default.<br><br> All other APIs are not supported.</td>
```
